---
layout: post
title: Life Updates
date:   2024-08-03 16:00
description: Summary of whats been happening in my life.
comments: true
toc: true
tags:
 - General
---

So much has happened since my last post 2023-01-23 

So I got divorced! 
It really is not as bad as it sounds, My ex-wife is still my best friend and we both had a heart to heart over 2 days. Both of us were in tears and a lot of things were brought to the surface and dealt with.
Essentially we rely on each other so much that we couldn't possibly fully leave each other. So we still share the same house and just have different rooms on different floors.
We're unsure if we'll ever get back together but all our kids still speak to each other and refer to each party as mum/dad. So there is still al lot of love being given on both sides and we both hope it remains this way and we can get a fair court case should the need arise in future because in truth neither of us have a bad word to say and neither of us have acted in bad faith through this.

I still work at the same place (check linkdin for more on that) I've gained more certificates and am currently working towards getting MS AZ104, 500, 700. It's a long path but enjoyable.
Additionally my department is moving towards a Security Operation Center (SOC) where as previously we were a Network Operations Center (NOC). So really interesting things there.

Had a few changes to my home LAN with a few addittions and some changes. Lots have been going on and now this site is functional on the backend again I'll be posting more.

Catch you all soon.
